---
title: "2022 Fall Parent Survey Results \\vspace{-3cm}" 
format: 
  pdf:
    documentclass: article
    classoption: []
    fig-width: 8
    geometry:
      - top=25mm
      - bottom=20mm
      - left=15mm
      - right=15mm
      - textwidth=4.5in
    keep-md: true
    include-in-header:
      - text: |
          \usepackage{titling}
          \setlength{\droptitle}{-1.5in}
          \pretitle{\begin{center}
          \includegraphics[height=1in]{/Users/linlizhou/Documents/Rprojects/IR.png}\LARGE\\}
      - text: |
          \usepackage{fancyhdr}
          \addtolength{\headheight}{0.7cm}
    
          \pagestyle{fancy} 
          \fancyhead{}
          \fancyfoot{}
    
          \fancyhead[LO]{\includegraphics[height=1.3cm]{/Users/linlizhou/Documents/Rprojects/IR.png}}
          \fancyhead[RE]{\vspace{4mm}\textbf{AAC Courses Review}}
          \fancyfoot[C]{\thepage}
    
          \renewcommand{\headrulewidth}{0pt}
editor: visual
---



















# Survey Responses and Overall Satisfaction








::: {.cell}
::: {.cell-output-display}
![](ParentSurvey_files/figure-pdf/report_responserate.overall-1.pdf)
:::
:::


The 2022 Fall Parent Survey received 284 responses, representing a 19%
response rate. Among those respondents, 84% of parents are **satisfied**
with their students' experiences at Lasell.

# Satisfaction










::: {.cell}
::: {.cell-output-display}
![](ParentSurvey_files/figure-pdf/report_satis-1.pdf)
:::
:::


Most parents are satisfied with students' academic experiences, campus
life, and most of Lasell services and facilities. The highest
satisfaction is in **campus safety**, with 92% of parents satisfied with
it. Other aspects that have more than 80% satisfaction rate include:
instruction quality, faculty contact with students, campus police,
parent engagement, and housing.

However, there are a few services and facilities on campus that receive
lower than 65% satisfaction rate, including **dining**, **career
counseling**, **mental counseling**, and **social life on campus**.





For dining, many parents are concerned about **food availability and
quality** at Lasell. Parents feel the dining hall lacks sufficient
supply of food when their students cannot eat in **after-hours**.
Parents hope that Lasell can have **more food vendors** that are
available in late hours. Also, parents mention worries about food
quality and the lack of **healthy food** options. Several parents would
like to meet with the food provider or staff members to talk about food
options. Some parents suggested that Lasell to change to a more
student-caring food service provider. Additionally, a parent suggested
providing **discounted** meal plans for students who only east twice a
day.

# Food Committee (FC)








::: {.cell}
::: {.cell-output-display}
![](ParentSurvey_files/figure-pdf/report_fd-1.pdf)
:::
:::


For the student-run food committee (FC), 79% of parents are **not
aware** of it, and only 7% of parents think their students attended the
FC. There are 42% of parents think their students did not attend the FC
because they enjoy the food. Other parents commented that their students
have a **schedule conflict** during FC meeting times. Parents
recommended a **web forum** as an more accessible and efficient way to
give feedback about food.

Another reason for students not attending the FC is the belief that
nothing will change no matter what students say in the committee.
Parents are upset about the long-existing complaints about the food, and
hope to see if any **actions** are resulted from the FC.

Fifty-one percent of parents may be interested in trying Lasell food.
Apart from trying the food, some parents requested a **meeting** with
the food provider or staff members to talk and offer suggestions about
food service at Lasell.





# Information Received










::: {.cell}
::: {.cell-output-display}
![](ParentSurvey_files/figure-pdf/report_info.recv-1.pdf)
:::
:::


Above 70% of parents are satisfied with information received around
events for parents, campus safety, and resources for parents. However,
**career counseling** and **off-campus programs** have only a 40%
satisfaction rate from parents. The **career counseling** also has the
most unfulfilled demand, with 46% of parents wanting more information
around career counseling from Lasell.

From parents' comments, we find parents' suggestions that the current
career services are too general. Parents hope students have
**major-specific** guidance and learn the **process** of finding a job.
Many parents request the career center adviser to offer open discussions
with students about **how to identify** good-fit jobs.





In terms of off-campus programs, a few parents suggest to have **RAs**
involved in promoting campus activities. Also, a parent recommended to
have more or promote any existing events that happen in **Boston**,
which could be a good resource to learn.

# Information Source


::: {.cell}
::: {.cell-output-display}
![](ParentSurvey_files/figure-pdf/report_inforely.conv-1.pdf)
:::
:::


**Students** are the primary source of information for 76% of parents.
Meanwhile, 58% of parents rely on **emails from Lasell** as an
information source. Parents discuss most frequently with students about
**mental/physical health, academic matters, campus life, and career
plans**. Other topics like finances and graduate school plans do not
happen as often between parents and students. A parent mention that they
hope Lasell can provide information about **graduate school** options
and the costs and funding for graduate school.

# Events






::: {.cell}
::: {.cell-output-display}
![](ParentSurvey_files/figure-pdf/report_event-1.pdf)
:::
:::




The FFA Weekend is the most popular event among parents, as 44% of
parents participated in it. Around 10% to 15% of parents attended or
will attend the parent receptions and town hall events. For parents who
did not participate, **scheduling conflict** is the main reason for
missing those events.

Parents who attended the above events enjoyed the events having
**diverse options** and being **well-organized**. Parents find these
events to be a good way to **build community** with other parents and
connect to Lasell. A few parents also appreciate the opportunity to
**visit the campus** during in-person events. In terms of suggestions,
parents hope future events could provide an **event directory**, have
some more events on **Sunday** (specific to the FFA weekend), and supply
more **food**.

In the spring semester, 42% of parents are interested in a webinar on
**senior graduation and plans**. 34% of parents are interested in
**meeting with academic deans and faculty**. Besides, a few parents
would like to talk to **RAs** about student life, and learn RA
responsibilities and how to seek help from them. A parent with a student
athlete hopes to talk to the athletic trainers.

# Summary

-   84% of parents are satisfied with Lasell overall. **Campus safety**
    has the highest satisfaction rate, with 92% of parents satisfied
    with it.

-   Dining Services and Food

    -   Dining services has the lowest (39%) satisfaction rate. Parents
        are mainly dissatisfied about the **food availability
        (late-hour) and quality (healthy food)**.

    -   Only 7% of parents think their students attended the food
        committee (FC), and 79% of parents are not aware of the
        existence of FC. As reflected in parents' comments, many
        students have schedule conflicts during the FC. Some other
        **accessible** ways of participation (e.g. web forums) may help
        increase participation. Some parents indicated that their
        students do not believe anything would change from the FC.
        Promotions of any **action** resulted from the FC would help
        change that belief and increase students' participation.

    -   51% of parents may be interested in trying Lasell's food.

-   Career Services

    -   Career counseling has the most unfulfilled demand, with 46% of
        parents wanting more information around career from Lasell.
        Parents hope students have **major-specific** guidance and learn
        the **process** of identifying a good-fit job.

-   Information

    -   **Students** are the primary source of information for 76%
        parents. 58% of parents also rely on **emails from Lasell** for
        information.

    -   Parents discuss **health** issues most frequently with students.
        Beyond the different information parents received, some parents
        requested to receive more information around **graduate school**
        options and costs.

    -   Only 40% are satisfied with information received around
        **off-campus activities**. Parents would like more promotion,
        probably with the help of **RAs**, for off-campus activities
        (e.g. activities in Boston).

-   Events

    -   Although over 40% of parents missed events due to **schedule
        conflicts**, parents who attended the FFA, Town Hall, and Parent
        Reception enjoyed the past events and consider them as
        well-organized, and a good opportunity to build **community**.

    -   In the spring semester, 42% of parents are interested in a
        webinar on **senior graduation and plans**. 34% of parents are
        interested in **meeting with academic deans and faculty**.
        Besides those offerings, parents would also like to talk to
        **RAs, athletic trainers, and food services** to learn their
        responsibilities and provide suggestions.
